  Received product with which had manufacturing defect.  At one place, the stitching was not done and there was gap in outer layer and inner layer of the bag.	1
  The bag is excellent in use and value for money. Will endorse it to everybody who needs a school bag.  We would appreciate some more features to be provided in addition to the existing ones:  (a) Please make the bag available in larger capacity also e.g. the Volume size could be 30 ltr or more - this provides kids ample space to pack more when required  (b) at least three large compartments in every bag regardless of its capacity.  (c) Presently, the bottle holding pocket is just enough to hold a large 1 ltr bottle in place. - either increase the depth of the pocket so that at least three-fourths part of a 1 ltr bottle is inside the pocket or better still attach a strap on the upper portion of the bag above the pocket so that strap holds the bottle neck in place from keeping it from falling out of pocket.  Thanks.	5
  Very nice and spacy	5
  The worst product is this only in Amazon  The zip will just pop and blast open as soon as u just wear the bag and the colour is very bad... I mean on internet it looks very nice but as u keep on using it the colour become black and the  lie become grey and the quality of zip and runner is like they had baught from some trash bor and stiched it..... Hopeless product	1
  Stitching is  not Good	2
  Zip broke after 5 months... I had got 2 bags for my twins in 4th std...bags wre good but zip broke in both of them...May b an adult wud hv not faced such issue but for kids who r less patient n r using d bag very frequently ...zip fastening frequently will lead to such issue..Otherwise d bag is ok	3
  Quality is gud for d price gud back bag	4
  Not the standard one....size is okay but inside cloth is very low quality...not worth	3
  Looks make no sense if you product is not endured to last long. I bought it on September 10 and return window closed on October 10. But on Oct 14 both stripes are torn apart.. Wastage. Chris and Kate doesn't stand anywhere in front of wildcraft and sky bags.. Guys don't go for this bag but spend couple of hundred rupees more and go for wildcraft.	2
  Quality is good , size also peefect good for school students.	4
  Not even one week of school and the main zipper stopped working, got it repaired thinking its a minor fault. Still after 4-5 days the zipper stopped again. Material is thin.	2
  The stitching quality of bag is not good. chain was broken on 1st day had to replace the chain locally.	1
